Update system-tray.md (#1165)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/features/system-tray.md

app.tray_handle().set_icon(tauri::Icon::Raw(include_bytes!("../path/to/myicon.ico").to_vec())).unwrap();
```

### Preventing the App from Closing

> By default, tauri closes the application when the last window is closed. We can simply call `api.prevent_close()` to prevent this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Tauri closes the application when the last window is closed. You can simply call `api.prevent_close()` to prevent this.
```

> Depending of your need you can use one of the two following exemples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your needs you can use one of the two following options:
```

> #### Keeping the Backend Running in the Background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Keep the Backend Running in the Background**
```

Reviewer: Changing to a bold instead of heading should hopefully help a bit (but admittedly I didn't preview it live)

app.tray_handle().set_icon(tauri::Icon::Raw(include_bytes!("../path/to/myicon.ico").to_vec())).unwrap();
```

> ### Preventing the app from closing when they are no windows left

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Preventing the App from Closing
```

By default, tauri closes the application when the last window is closed. We can simply call `api.prevent_close()` to prevent this.

Depending of your need you can use one of the two following exemples:

> #### Keeping the backend running in the background after closing all windows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Keeping the Backend Running in the Background
```

If your backend should run in the background, you can call `api.prevent_close()` like so:

```rust
tauri::Builder::default()
  .build(tauri::generate_context!())
  .expect("error while building tauri application")
  .run(|_app_handle, event| match event {
    tauri::RunEvent::ExitRequested { api, .. } => {
      api.prevent_exit();
    }
    _ => {}
  });
```

> #### Keeping the app running in the background after closing all windows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Keeping the Frontend Running in the Background
```

  });
```

> #### Keeping the Frontend Running in the Background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Keep the Frontend Running in the Background**
```

> In case you also need to keep the frontend running in the background, this can be achieved like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to keep the frontend running in the background, this can be achieved like this:
```
